What are you gonna miss the most of it?
I know you're looking forward to like
you said rolling a window down and walking
and doing things that you haven't been
able to do, but what are you gonna miss?
>> It's really the people.
I think about the girls have
grown up in the White House,
I mean the staff that's
there, we see them everyday.
These are people who have helped us
raise our kids, they've loved us,
they're taking care of us and
the minute we leave, that's it.
So it's really the people
that we'll miss most.
And I'm sure the girls
will have a tough time.
They think they're ready, but when you've
grown up in a place, I mean imagine,
they won't be able to just knock on
the door and say can I see my room.
That's not going to happen.
So we're trying to have them step back and
really appreciate the walk on the South
Lawn, sitting on the Truman balcony.
I mean so, we just wanna keep creating
some memories for them as well.
>> Yeah,
because talk about not having perspective.
They really have grown up and
gotten used to that and
what an amazing experience they have had.
>> Yeah, Yeah.
>> It's incredible
>> I'm proud of them.
They've really managed this so well.
I just love them to death.
The big thing I've always worried about
was making sure that they got out of
this whole.
And I'm just proud that they're poised,
smart, intelligent young women.
>> They are, they are.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> I mean.
>> I
met them eight years ago when you brought
them here to see the Jonas Brothers.
>> That's right.
>> And that was the first time that
I met you and the girls outside.
>> That's right outside, yeah.
I got that picture in my dressing room.
>> Do you?
I mean it's amazing when you look at how
long ago that was.
And then of course I know
them a little bit now, and
it's hard enough to raise children,
period, but to raise children in front
of everyone in the White House and they
have done, you've done an amazing job.
Do you feel like and I'm sure you
did feel pressured to be the first
African-American First Lady, like
there's some kind of responsibility or.
>> Well one of the things I know from
sitting in this position that every
First Lady feels some level of pressure.
I mean this is a big platform and
you don't wanna mess it up.
So I wouldn't dare to compare my
experience to any former First Lady, but
I do take the role seriously.
I do, as I said in my convention speech,
I know that kids are watching us.
They're watching what we say,
what we do, and
Barack and I have tried to make
sure that what kids are seeing
is something that they can be proud of,
because it matters.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> You have accomplished that.
You have accomplished that and I know you
know that, but you should feel very proud.
Both of you should feel very proud.
Like I said, we will miss you so much,
because it has been a joy and
I feel proud to call you a friend.
>> It has been an honor.
>> I mean, an honor and
I wasn't the political spouse.
I was very hesitant about this, but
it's truly been an honor to serve,
to travel this country,
to meet so many great people.
I have so much hope for this nation and
I hope that everybody else does too.
We have some great young people,
we've got great communities.
I just wish everyone have the opportunity
to travel the country like
we have had because you would feel
good everyday about where we live.
This is the best country on Earth.
>> [APPLAUSE]